We will discuss this Total Dhaniya Term
Insurance Plan named ICICI
Prudential I Protect Return of
Premium. We will talk about what is there in this product
which was not there in the old product.
What variants are available in this product
and what is it called.
I will talk about premium
calculation so that you will be
able to decide which variant is right for you. Is
this product right or not?
Before starting the video, I would
like to tell you that my name is Unko Chiku. I am a
subscribe pension plan provider. I
bring videos for everyone so that your
pension can become easier and more secure
because our company's joint venture will do
welfare without any hassle. ICICI
Prudential Life Tax Return of Premium. So
before starting, I would like to tell you that this
is a new term insurance plan which has
just been launched by ICICI Prudential and it has three
variants. So, in these there are three options which
you can choose. If you are going to buy that product,
then select any of these three options left.  You
can have level cover labels
always tweet and premium means your insurance will remain the
same, for example, if you have taken a
policy of one crore at home, then one crore will also
remain through out and there will be a return of premium in it, whatever
you have done, 105 percent of it will be
returned on survival, we will
see how in detail later, the second one is the newly
introduced one and this used to happen earlier also, the
return on premium options, I
told you the second one is Sonia and you have a small
state and seller job, the following means
your insurance
cover as per the license, that thing will keep changing, we have different life
stages, our
sum will change accordingly, the color will change and the
return on job will fly, third is life stage
cover with all on premium, meaning you have the
option that you are seniors and seventy years, if you
want, you can switch on your detail free mode
and the applied as cover will remain
along with joining as per the license, it will be
decided perfectly, first of all we will talk about the
first thing that we talked about in level cover,
definitely remember, in this label
poem job, it is clear from the name
that the  Your cover is for those who are indifferent
and the premium will also be returned on the policy term of the last policy,
how much will it be 105 per cent
of the Supreme Paytm, we will understand from 4 onwards, so
suppose it is of a small car dealer,
he has a policy till 375 years, there will be
two things in this, one is either
these buttons are clicked, it will be cleaned, if
death occurs in between, the case gets piled up on history
and the episode of 1 crore, 121 crore
rupees will be given to the beneficiary and the
policy money will be exhausted, if someone
survives and Atomic is taking action till 2018,
what will happen in it that the
bond of total remains given by you will be
returned zero five percent, a
survival benefit is available per premium,
single premium paying term is available, regular
is available on the next policy term, limited Paytm
sixty years is available, only the policy
term, the maximum policy term is fourteen
years and the maximum policy is
less than the policy, it means if you take the policy today  If I am taking a
deadlock then the maximum time I
can take a policy was torn, it will end on Saturday, if there is
mileage of tears then I can
take a policy for teachers
but if it becomes 15 to 20 then you will
get a policy of 35mm only, minimum age is 2825, this
maximum is sixty-five years,
which will depend, use the concept which
we talked about premium paying term above,
now let us understand this with an example,
suppose you have taken a policy of 10 lakh, the
thickness is 35mm, then your premium will be
2206 on that, there is an item for life offer Tilak and
this policy, the
maximum time for 10 years, means it will be 7515, if
we do the policy mileage here or
electronically, then what will be given at that time, the
total payment you have made at that time,
that is
2206 * 40 years into 105 65, so it
goes to
9452 and a total of 9452 will be returned to
seventy  The policy will expire after five years.
Hello friends, let's take advice that if
in case the age of these years is between sixteen
years, the person who took the policy will have a
date of Rs.
3863, which is the sum assured of Rs. 3863, will be given to that
beneficiary. The policy itself will
expire. There will be no return of insurance, there is
no survival benefit.
I will talk about the live status,
power insurance, turn-off premium, where
we had talked earlier that your problem is
that SIM remains, there will always be a change here,
see how. So first, if we talk about
our different licenses, what are they?
First of all, tell me Shyam Singhal, when we are
single and our career is starting, then
our responsibility is very
less, then after that, when we go to a place
where we are experts, the
responsibilities increase a little more,
then married with the growing age, the
responsibility increases further, again there are
more jobs near advertisements, when we are
approaching retirement, then the
responsibility there reduces further.  If it goes away or
ends, then there is no need for simple interest there, so
accordingly the
deposit will increase here, so let's
see how it works, today we have taken a policy and
tasty five years of your age, which is
clear, it will keep increasing every year, let's say five
percent, that is, if you have
taken a policy of 1 crore with simple interest of five percent, then ₹5 will
increase every year, the policy will
reach 155, so whatever policy you have taken, the
maximum interest that can go to office means it is one
crore, then the amount of two crore can go, it will
not go above that, so coming to five percent, the
simple interest will keep increasing accordingly,
as you reach leave,
your shift, which was their cleaning work, for example, for a
policy of 1 crore, then it will come back
to one crore, after coming to seniors,
your time and whatever is there will go, it will become 50%,
first the initial time increases by 50%, will it shift every year,
then the shift will come back to the initial,
tasty 6 from specific person  It will be
reduced if it is 1 crore then 50
lakhs, let us give an example further
and along with that money is like that means 105
percent of premium will be returned
in the policy if you ask questions till then then let's
take an example electric
someone thirty five years old, he
took this policy of 1 crore, if you chart it today then on
55th every year the cover will increase by 5 percent, that cover will become 2
crore rupees every 75 questions if you
make 15, then
after that from shift to education it will come back
on 1 crore, which
was Shameshwar's setting Ramesh, that is then after that
your coverage at the time of shift will be
Raja's fifty percent of initial power to
1 crore, fifty percent is 50 lakhs, then 50
lakhs will go off, you will get the credit,
after sixty the insurance cover will remain because as per the
license the responsibility
slow gas here will remain till 75, the same
cover will remain from 6th to 75th, that
cent will remain on leave, his love ni  According to this design, the
premium is designed in such a way that
where you need maximum,
there is maximum congress on just license,
where you need less, so
if you indulge in this theft that
as the responsibilities decrease, the
time should also decrease, then the second
option is for you, life but was not seen, the
premium
paying term which is available here is five years from
2016, all these options are available, the
policy term which was earlier maximum forty
years and there was
no policy more than maximum, the
entry in this is a little five years
minimum, maximum, on the first year was
decided that the quantity you
can take on speakers, now let's take an example
that you have taken a policy for thirty five years
and you have understood that it is of 1 crore, here
we are taking it on pizza, but in these the
premium has to be paid for sixteen years of his mother year, but the maximum cover is
one crore till five years semi-finals  Your PM comes
and 2791 Param Pocket they will want
for a cover of crores and while filling that on this site you
are on the leave pipeline from power will become 2
crores and after that after taking fees it will become
1 crore at 60, whatever was your initial
cover, after that it will become 16110 50%, that means the
insurance for treatment will continue and
if you search on 75th then you
get survival benefit, pure turnoff cream, that becomes
yours, 2012 Chintu 25yrs you had given
six years premium, so
25 years into 105%, then it comes to
11 lakhs
sure, it will be returned 75250
in between, it becomes 20 minutes,
anytime during the policy term, so whatever term
you are on, if it shifts then if it is
on peak then you will be given crores, if it is on
sixteen years then your initial
Rs was 1 crore, that will be given, if it is
on 64174 then it is on select  The
policy will end there, your
ITS option comes, live stage cover with
all it is not prevented 6872, that is the
process of people that why should I enter the
comment, I have
taken the fabric, why do you set it till 2585 for so long
that I do not get the money,
give me the money to increase around retirement, so there is an option for them, in this
you have the option of return of the match 6470, you can take it, in this also the life insurance increase which will be the
same as it was
in the old plan, this 55th percent will keep
increasing, the maximum to this initial will
always be 50% of yours after 260 and
it will always continue plus if you
take early insurance then the premium of
1617 in the middle, wherever you take, is given to
you, in this bond with five
percent of the premium, for example, in the
late from someone
taking a policy on 35 years, their power
increases, if it is a policy of one crore,
your cover increases  In the end,
your cover will be Rs 2 crore, Rs 5 crore or Rs 6 crore,
your cover will become Rs 1 crore,
after the payment you will get free treatment and in between
we will get education, tourism and the world, so
our three returns will be Rs 7000, I
bought a cream, I will apply it in 2015, its
premium will be decided accordingly, let's
use the options, here
you have the option to take Rs 870, which is the
phase option available on lipid, Rs 860
is only available on limited, Rs 512 option
is available, 2016 is not available, policy
term maximum is 14 years, subject to a
maximum and policy Singh S8 -
you can take the policy from the maturity side,
this is the entry, Rs 6, exit entry,
that is the maximum phase, Rs 5, Rs 1
heritage site entry, headquarters, Rs 65 maximum,
for example, where
you take an east policy of 35 years, you are taking a
policy of Rs 1 crore and
taking the premium paying term  Is this or
both the premium options, sixteen years
means premium has to be paid for 12 years, if the premium is paid then it will be
returned every year,
meaning wherever there is a liter full cream and live stage
option that the mixture increases like license, a
payment of one crore rupees will be made forever, that has to be given for 12 years
e.t.  Through this, it has always
reduced from Rs. 1 crore 56 lakhs per hectare, it has
always become 2 crores, it has shifted
back to Rs. 1 crore, then on the 61st your time becomes good,
free leg and on the 6th you are given to
prevent the premium, how much will be
your pet or
878 in 12th * temples, five percent, this will be
returned to you, there is a
tree of sixteen years, level 160 proximity will be
returned to you,
in case of shopping among seniors, then it will
always be given according to the license, now
in the decision of the matter, some riders are available,
two riders are available,
you can take additional benefits by
taking additional cream, so one is critical
illness benefit, the second is accidental death rider,
first we will talk about the neck-to-neck
question benefit, there was a credit balance of 64,
but this is much higher than before, earlier it used to be
much less, printing in these subtle
here is the bill of 6430 balance, sixty, so
major critical illness and 4 which is -
Critical essay on major, from the past few days,
what will be the hundred percent there, means
if there is less joint rose then it becomes hundred
percent, if there is a sign inside the minor then
they can get it and it happens that it is done
500 or
5th and the college has the benefit,
whatever deduction is made in it,
what used to happen earlier was that from the sum assured -
suppose you took a policy of one crore
and 20 lakh medical benefit or if it is a
critical and serious diagnosis
then 20 lakh rupees more gets added, the
premium becomes proportional
and from this mixture 20 lakh rupees used to be added
here 10 over and updates
MS Word so - it will not be done, you will
always be given the technical benefit above, the
premium will be reduced as it comes out,
but the best will always be there and your contact will remain, so
this message playlist is
in front of you, you can do Israel activated operation, I will
also attach its brochure, now
you can watch it comfortably in the video description box
So how will the critical illness cover be
designed first, but if we are
taking the option on written on premium option, then the
critical illness of the patient can be equal to the
base of the chilli and the amount of the plant remaining can be
deducted up to it, then
when did it happen that 24, but the options are licensed to them,
both the accused and liquid accused with
nice piece, so this option that I have
put here, your maximum problem is
maximum 50%, if you take a regular day
policy, then there the critical
illness benefit will be up to the limit and the
policy term will be as long as your policy term
or eighty-five years
between is lower, earlier this used to work for
1775, all this used to happen, you can also continue with BT fighter,
Yasmin kit, if you are
taking a policy on limited or single
premium policy, in that case
your critical illness benefit cannot be availed, the
policy term is maximum 15 years, it is a
matter of respect to take a policy on gas supplied to meeting rooms.  If
the diagnosis is not done, if the major
cutting balance is dipped, then the TDS made
means only the waiting period of the plan - if the
critical illness is valid, then the night dress is
mentally challenged. Keep one more thing in
mind, the purse which is
not returned in the critical illness report in the better return of the job,
that purse will be returned to you forever. We will
talk about it next. The
second one is the Accidental Death Benefit
Rider. Accidental Death Benefit Rider.
If you have taken Accidental Death Benefit, then
double 10 MS Word will be given to you.
It is available for a maximum of eight years
or for the system which allows users to have a
maximum soil arrangement. Well, if the polytrauma
is critical, then this Accidental Death
Benefit, your OTP will be correct. Another
good option is the Accidental Death Benefit
Rider. Earlier, you could add it only on infection,
now you can add it in the mid-term of the policy as
well. You should add it anytime, you can
add it from the next policy
anniversary itself.  It will become active and you
cannot add in the last five years.
For the pass variant, the
maximum amount of dental
health benefits for the written premium option is Someshwar. Quick Way to 100
% of mixed, the remaining two
options are license cream with job, mentally
[ __ ]. The team has given a maximum of 50% in both of these, so
you can take good benefits, so we will
talk about how much is the premium in the premium amount
and then go here and take a little
speed on this and have taken a policy of one crore
and have taken accidental death benefit,
free leg premium paying term is 2016 and is
positive, this is your best
cream there, the riders time of accidental death benefit in 14205 house,
that is
750, total premium you will pay 482 in
which both these cream applications of yours will
also have acid add Twitter benefit. There will be
no PM return, the riders which
are quite temple will not be returned, now let us see
how is the premium of the balance, in this
I have to click here on thirty
five  There is a policy of Rs 1 crore on the insurance of Rs 50000
and the clothes are torn, yes, and a
critical illness cover of Rs 20 lakh has been taken. Anmol
considers premium quality to be a high
premium. In the insurance of Rs 1 crore, the
critical illness cover on top of that has been
emphasized in the PM with butter, which is deductible on the screen.
You can do this. A community has been
used to see which
insurance premiums are available, you can take a screenshot of it, which balances are available, how much time is available, which tests you can take, what is the maximum eligibility,
how much time you can take and all this
detail is available on the screen. Now let's look at some
underwriting guidelines, there are underwriting
guidelines, otherwise you people
ask questions like what is the minimum qualification required to
take term insurance, so
in this policy, if you have both higher secondary and graduation
qualifications, then you can take it.
In many plans, it happens that they are
not given below graduation,
I have already told you that the policy is for higher second year
graduation.  You will also get the minimum
income required for entering the policy,
notice free leg, a lot of
points in this, the minimum of first fault is 1 cup of
peas, here the freelance minimum balance
is low, I always have
25 lakhs to enter, a lot of balls in my mind, you will see this,
victory by wicket is always available, so it has been
treated here and the maximum is
from tankers,
see the financial eligibility, some of this is the
charge of underwriting, some of our rules apply,
according to Jeevan Saral policy, for
how long can you withdraw your income,
so it is 2030, if you follow this, then you
can always withdraw the income till the verified time, and it is okay, if
you follow this, you
can withdraw your income, if you boil it for 4125, then
15th time and tips for 250, if you
boil it for 12th science
and shift, then time is clear maximum of
your income  If you can take a combination, then
many things are made in it, your
underwriting, let me tell you the basic,
this is the boundary line, this balance will be followed,
like me, if any question lands on ICICI Prudential Eye
Protector of Premium Plan,
please put it
in the comment section instead of 'Yaar', phone number, email
ID is below, you can contact us,
a reminder before leaving, if you have
not subscribed to my channel yet, then do
subscribe, Sachin,
you should always get information on this from time to time
and he brings videos from this for you too,
you will meet him with the next new video,
spread it and take care of yourself, turn on the
website